feat(security): add ClamAV integration (#436)
projectcaluma/alexandria: README.md

    The development setup features a minio service, implementing the S3 protocol.
    To use SSE-C in development make sure to generate a certificate for the minio container and set `ALEXANDRIA_S3_VERIFY` to `false`.

- ClamAV
- `ALEXANDRIA_CLAMD_SOCKET`: ClamAV socket
- `ALEXANDRIA_CLAMD_USE_TCP`: Use TCP to connect to ClamAV service
- `ALEXANDRIA_CLAMD_TCP_SOCKET`: ClamAV service socket
- `ALEXANDRIA_CLAMD_TCP_ADDR`: ClamAV service address

For development, you can also set the following environemnt variables to help you:

- `ALEXANDRIA_DEV_AUTH_BACKEND`: Set this to "true" to enable a fake auth backend that simulates an authenticated user. Requires `DEBUG` to be set to `True` as well.
- `DEBUG`: Set this to true for debugging during development. Never enable this in production, as it **will** leak information to the public if you do.

> - `CLAMD_ENABLED`: Set this to `False` to disable clamd scanning in development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CLAMD_ENABLED`: Set this to `True` to enable ClamAV (virus scanner).
```

Author: Fixed docs, reverted coverage config

Reviewer: Awesome, nice work!
